The reason why you define your objects and
you spend time data modelling is so
that you can then understand and
define your state.
Which state is nothing
more than an object.
Especially when you do it properly.
So your state,
your application under the hood is
nothing more than a large data structure.
When something goes wrong
in your application,
it's because the underlying data
structure, the state of your application,
is not matching up with the things
that you're trying to do with it.
But start to think about state
in an application is nothing
more than a data structure,
it's just an object.
So let's go back to the slides and
let's start to define state.
So we can say what is in state for
a feature?
Well, I would imagine you
could have all the clients and
then you might have a current client.
And then from there you might
have a new or empty client.
And then you could define
some initial state.
So, we're gonna do a challenge
here pretty quick, but
I'm going to do this piece and
then we'll do the challenge.
So, just I've been talking about
these these objects we've been
going around this but It's really easy for
us to think about objects when we're
talking about a single client object.
But when we start thinking
about like feature state,
depending on your level of I
think maturity is a developer,
that can be kind of an overwhelming thing.
And so if you start at target about
feature state at the top, but
people oftentimes forget is
that at the bottom of this.
All we're talking about,
is data structures and objects and nouns.
And so with that said,
let me build some future state.
So interface,
clients state.
What would we expect this to have?,
well obviously clients
And a currentClient.
There's any number of things we could
put in here, but for the sake of this,
we're going to put a single client.
And then from here,
let me also define a new client and so
we're just going to initiate this
with an empty client equals and
we'll type this And ID is no
First name is empty string
last name is empty string and
company is empty string.
All right, so now we have this new client.
And let's go ahead and
let's create some initial state.
We're going to go with.
Const initial
Which is clients Equals just
dragging this out just a bit.
I'll put it back in a moment.
So what dow e expect with this?
Well, it's telling us.
We'll go with client.
And what we have here, we can do
something interesting with type script,
if you're just using regular
ES5 is that you would
say this clients property,
is this clients object.
Now with es6 and above because they're
the same we can just condensed that.
So this is a really handy way
to just say its clients and
we're going to set the Initial
feedback I spelt that wrong.
Right, current client.
Thank you IntelliSense, there we go.
Let me just save this And
let's check this out.
So we have our clients which is Peter and
John and our current client is no,